---
sidebar_label: templates
title: fused._templates.templates
---

## FusedTemplate Objects

```python
class FusedTemplate()
```

#### name

Name of this template.

#### source

The Jinja template source for the JSON representation of the object.

#### template

The Jinja template.

#### defaults

Default keyword arguments for the template.

#### print

```python
def print(**kwargs)
```

Print the code generated by the template.

Keyword arguments are passed to the template.

#### code

```python
def code(**kwargs)
```

Set the code generated by the template as the next IPython cell.

Keyword arguments are passed to the template.

#### render

```python
def render(**kwargs)
```

Render the template to an object.

Keyword arguments are passed to the template.

#### render\_async

```python
async def render_async(**kwargs)
```

Render the template to an object.

Keyword arguments are passed to the template.

#### write

```python
def write(out: Union[Path, str, TextIO])
```

Write the template source out.

**Arguments**:

- `out` - A file name, or a file-like object.

## JobStepConfigTemplate Objects

```python
class JobStepConfigTemplate(FusedTemplate)
```

Template that generates a JobStepConfig.

The extension for this type of template is `job_tmpl`.

## JobConfigTemplate Objects

```python
class JobConfigTemplate(FusedTemplate)
```

Template that generates a JobConfig.

The extension for this type of template is `job_tmpl`.

## UdfTemplate Objects

```python
class UdfTemplate(FusedTemplate)
```

Template that generates a UDF.

The extension for this type of template is `udf_tmpl`.

## Templates Objects

```python
class Templates()
```

A collection of templates.

Each template can be accessed with subscript operator or dot operator, e.g.
`templates["template_name"]` or `templates.template_name`. Templates may be
registered on this object using the subscript operator.

**Example**:

  
    ```py
    fused.templates.udfs['my_udf_template'] = my_udf
    ```
  
  Registered templates always take priority over templates loaded from files,
  and over built-in templates.

#### list\_templates

```python
def list_templates() -> List[str]
```

Returns a list of all template names in this collection.

#### load\_files

```python
def load_files(where: Union[Path, str], **kwargs) -> "Templates"
```

Add a directory to the search path for templates.

Loaded templates may override built-in templates, but will not take priority
over templates registered on this object.

**Arguments**:

- `where` - Path to a directory to load. The directory should have files with the extension for this registry, e.g. `job_tmpl` for `fused.templates.jobs`.

#### load\_url

```python
def load_url(url: str, name: str, **request_kwargs) -> "Templates"
```

Add a URL to the search path for templates.

Loaded templates may override built-in templates, but will not take priority
over templates registered on this object.

**Arguments**:

- `url` - URL to load from. A single template should be returned by the URL.
- `name` - Name to save the loaded template as.

#### from\_object

```python
def from_object(obj: BaseModel,
                name: str,
                register: bool = False) -> FusedTemplate
```

Create a template from an object.

**Arguments**:

- `obj` - The object to create a template from. It should be of the appropriate type for this registry, e.g. a `BaseUdf` for the UDFs registry.
- `name` - The name of the template to create.
- `register` - If True, store the resulting template in this registry. Defaults to False.

#### jobs

Templates for jobs (joins, maps, etc)

#### job

Templates for jobs with one or more steps

#### udfs

Templates for UDFs

